I thrust into her again and again, watching my cock disappear and reappear from her mouth.  It’s beyond erotic.  I’m so close.  Suddenly she bares her teeth, gently squeezing me, and I’m undone, ejaculating into the back of her throat, crying out my pleasure. 
When did you start your period, Anastasia? I want to fuck you without a condom.  Yesterday, she breathes.  Good.  I step back and spin her around.  Hold onto the sink, I command.  Grasping her hips, I left her and pull her backward so she’s bent over.  My hand glides down her ass to the blue string, and I tug out the tampon, which I toss in the toilet.  She gasps, shocked, I think, but I grab my cock and slide into her quickly… I pick up speed, and I grasp her hips, building… building, then hammering into her.  Claiming her.  Possessing her… That’s right, baby, I murmur, my voice hoarse as I pound into her with a punishing I-own-you rhythm. 
This is not good sex education – you can get both pregnant and/or an STD during your period.  Just saying, Grey. 
With my finger I circle inside her once more, then withdraw and remove the balls from my mouth.  Gently, I insert the first ball into her, then the second, leaving the tag outside, draped against her clitoris.  I kiss her bare ass and slide her panties back into place … ‘How does that feel?’ I ask.  ‘Strange. ’ ‘Strange good or strange bad?’ ‘Strange good,’ she answers. 
GEH can do it for them – but are they serious about buying in? It’s a big investment up front, but a great payoff down the line. 
Damn right.  Only me! Her words are a siren’s call to my libido.  Losing all self-restraint, I sweep everything off my desk, sending my papers, phone, and pens all clattering or floating to the floor, but I don’t give a damn.  I lift Ana and lay her across my desk so her hair spills over the edge and onto the seat of my chair. 
You want it, you got it, baby, I growl, shipping out the condom and unzipping my pants.  Making quick work of covering my cock, I stare down at the insatiable Miss Steele.  I sure hope you’re ready, I warn her, grabbing hold of her wrists and keeping them at her sides.  With one swift move I’m inside her. 
Ah… Christ, Ana.  You’re so ready. 
She grasps when I grab her hips and kiss the sweet junction beneath her pubic hair.  Moving my hands to the back of her thighs I part her legs, exposing her clitoris to my tongue.  When I start my sensual assault her fingers dive into my hair.  My tongue torments her, and she moans and tips her head back against the wall. She smells exquisite.  She tastes better.  As she purrs she tilts her pelvis toward my invading, insistent tongue, and her legs begin to tremble. 
Enough.  I want to come inside her. 
Twice in one day? The horny divils
I tease each of her nipples until they are glistening with my saliva and standing to attention.  She writhes as much as the restrains allow and groans beneath me.  My tongue trails down her belly, around her naval, laving her.  Tasting her.  Venerating her.  Moving down, through her pubic hair to the sweet exposed clitoris that’s begging for the touch of my tongue.  Around and around I swirl, drinking in her scent, drinking in her reaction until I feel her tremble beneath. Oh no.  Not yet, Ana.  I stop as she huffs her voiceless disappointment. I kneel up between her legs and pull open my fly, freeing my erection. 
Grey is clearly an ass man
I want to see her ass in all its rosy glory.  Unhurriedly, teasing her, I tug down her panties, skimming my fingertips down her thighs, the backs of her knees, and her calves.  She lifts her feet, and I discard her panties on the floor.  She squirms, but stops when I place my hand flat against her pink, glowing skin.  Grabbing her hair again, I start anew.  Gently first, then resuming the pattern. She’s wet; her arousal is on my palm.  I grip her hair harder and she moans, eyes closed, mouth open and slack. Fuck, she’s hot.  Good girl.  My voice is hoarse, my breathing erratic.  I spank her a couple of more times until I can bear it no more.  I want her.  Now. I wrap my fingers around the tab and draw the balls out of her.  She cries out in pleasure.  Turning her over, I pause to yank my pants off and put on a wretched condom. 
A pleasurable rumble resonates deep in her throat.  What was that music? she asks.  It’s called Spem in Alium, a forty-part motet by Thomas Tallis. It was… overwhelming. I’ve always wanted to fuck to it. Not another first, Mr Grey?I grin.  Indeed, Miss Steele. Well, it’s the first time I’ve fucked to it, too, she says, her voice betraying her fatigue. You and I, we’re giving each other many first. What did I say to you in my sleep, Chris – er, Sir?Not this again.  Put her out of her misery, Grey.  You said lots of things, Anastasia.  You talked about cages and strawberries.  That you wanted more, and that you missed me. 
We’re fucking.  Fucking hard.  Against the bathroom door.  She’s mine.  I bury myself in her, again and again.  Glorifying in her: the feel of her, her smell, her taste.  Fisting my hand in her hair, holding her in place.  Holding her ass.  Her legs wrapped around my waist.  She cannot move; she’s pinioned by me.  Wrapped around me like silk.  Her hands pulling my hair.  Oh yes.  I’m home, she’s home.  This is the place I want to be…inside her…
I don’t remember reading about nipple clamps in the Bible.  Perhaps you were taught from a modern translation, she goads me, her eyes shining and provocative.  Oh that smart mouth. Well I thought I should come and remind you how nice it was knowing me The challenge is there in my voice.  Her mouth drops open in surprise, but I glide my fingers to her chin and coax it closed.  What do you say to that, Miss Steele?’ I whisper, as we stare at each other. Suddenly she launches herself at me.  Shit. 
Somehow I grab her arms before she can touch me, and twist so that she lands on the bed, beneath me, and I have her arms stretched out above her head.  Turning her face to mine, I kiss her hard, my tongue exploring and reclaiming her.  her body rises in response as she kisses me back with equal ardor.  Oh, Ana.  What you do to me.  Once she’s squirming for more, I stop and gaze down at her.  It’s time for Plan B…
So there you are now.  We’re going to go take some cold showers. 
He had the body of a bronze statue.
My god, he’s beautiful, I said as I turned to my husband.
You should go say ‘hello’ Alvin suggested.
Those words were music to my ears timed to the rhythm of the beautiful stranger’s dick sway. I was hypnotized by it as he approached us. We were at a clothing optional beach. I’m so glad the living sculpture chose the no-clothing option. Alvin and I sometimes go completely nude. On this day we wore barely-there swimwear. Beachgoers on the shore of Rio would love us, as they have before. The bright green of my string bikini clashed beautifully with the deep red undertones of my brown skin. Alvin held his meat in the bright white casing of his bikini briefs.
The beautiful stranger walked by as Alvin and I watched his broad shoulders and back provide a canvas for the sun’s rays. His ass was perfect. Perfect.
A sly grin crept over my face. What’re you smiling at? Alvin asked.
Think that’s a virgin ass?
Alvin let out a moan which told me he was praying the answer was ‘yes’ and he’d be deep in it sooner than later. I wondered if anyone or anything had been deep in the stranger’s ass. I whispered into Alvin’s ear about the possibility of sitting on the face of the stranger we both were lusting after while Alvin fucked him. Alvin had the power and desire to be inside every living person we came across.
A warm breeze blew in off the ocean but it wasn’t enough to cool us down. We imagined out loud all the tastes, sounds and touches of having the stranger on all fours. I’d lay under him with his dick deep in my mouth knowing exactly how Alvin would look with his head thrown back and neck veins bulging while the stranger ran his tongue over the bulging veins of Alvin’s black dick.
I took off my sunglasses and said hello to Judah at the sun shower. I don’t want to be strangers anymore. He took off his sunglasses and his eyes told me he felt the same way.
My husband would like to get to know you too.
All right… Take me to him, Judah said without batting an eye.
We took the high-knee walk back to Alvin. I sat in my beach chair. Alvin rolled over and sat up on the towel. Judah sat facing me on the edge of the beach chair next to me. His dick and balls rested comfortably on the chair. Alvin eyed the body of Judah that matched his own.
I don’t even want to know what Sam said to you to get you to come over here. Alvin said.
She said ‘hello’ and her ass said ‘follow me’ Judah answered. I was sure he also heard my ass say grab me, spank me, taste me, enter me. I already knew what I was getting with Judah. Even his soft dick was a lot to wrap my thoughts around. And I knew the three triangles that barely preserved any decency I was going for that day on the beach would betray me. Hard nipples teepeed the bikini top and my spreading, swelling pussy lips would start to peek out either side of the crotch of my bikini. I hope I heard correctly, Judah added.
I nodded. Loud and clear. I flashed him a smile then shared that smile with Alvin.
You have a beautiful mouth, Judah said.
I gave him a sidelong glance while I bit my bottom lip. Alvin reached up and started rubbing my foot. That meant he was putting a lot of strain on the material of his briefs. Another man found his wife desirable. Another man who he’d have the chance to experience and who could also make his wife scream and come. Alvin interlocked his fingers with my toes.
Her mouth is amazing, Alvin bragged.
I’ll tell you if it is, Judah said the last few words into my mouth as he kissed me, his hand turning my face towards him. His mouth tasted of Gatorade and a marijuana dessert. His kiss was forceful and passionate. Strangers don’t kiss with that level of passion. I felt the warm dampness of Alvin’s mouth on my toes. He was losing control like he had countless times before. He would taste my toes until he had no choice but to taste my pussy. His hands traveled up my legs pushing my thighs apart. My legs fell open and my feet hit the sand on either side of the beach chair. Sand stuck to my wet toes. If it were a few hours later, sand would be sticking to all parts of all three of our bodies. We could each relish in the sensual commotion of four hands and two mouths on our bodies with the soundtrack of waves crashing against the shore and the moon shining above. The crotch of my bikini barely covered my pussy in the bright mid-afternoon sun. Alvin’s finger grazed my pussy lip then slipped under the fabric. I mmoaned into Judah’s mouth when my husband’s finger rubbed my clit. Judah kissed and sucked my neck and his fingers slipped under my bra to find my nipple. The splash from Alvin’s finger fucking me grew louder. Judah flicked my nipple with his tongue. That’s when I whispered into his ear, Let’s go home.
He looked at me with a subtle smile acknowledging my request. He took Alvin’s wrist and pulled his fingers out my pussy and put them in his mouth. I watched as he ran his tongue around and between Alvin’s fingers never once taking his eyes off him.
He read through the last few texts she’d sent that day -- My hair’s in a ‘fro today. And you’ll finally get to meet little red. She punctuated her text with a smiley. His thumb swiped the trackpad on his Blackberry and like the big wheel on The Price is Right, it landed on one of her texts from a couple of days earlier. A photo. He’d hit the jackpot. He knew which body part was in that picture text before he opened it and his pants fit tighter instantly. He imagined reaching over the parking brake and feeling the warmth of that body part through the hair…      
Or entering her with only the tip, thrusting ever-so slightly teasing her until she begged for him. He leaned his head back against the headrest. After a few seconds, he turned the car radio back on, to quiet his thoughts.
The train pulled into the station and one by one, passengers made the exodus down the stairs to the parking lot and street below. Abbie followed the other passengers towards the exit.
Josh watched the newly-arrived; some greeting families at their cars, others driving off solo, some making the trek down the street deeper into the suburbs.
She was crazy to travel out to buttfuck Long Island to meet this man. But she was crazy about him.
He peered through the windshield, tapping the bottom of the steering wheel. This would be the night everyone wears a red jacket he thought. That one was too long. Too short. That one’s too fat. Too Chinese. Then he saw her. Little Red. He understood instantly why she gave her jacket that nickname. It fit... her, her aura, her energy.
Abbie noticed how quickly everyone else found their way leaving her alone in the parking lot. Josh couldn’t work up the nerve to call me before, what’s stopping him from standing me up tonight? She suddenly felt a heavy sense of dread at being stranded in that parking lot.
Josh watched her look at her phone. When she looked up again, he could’ve sworn she locked eyes with him but she merely looked in his general direction. He flashed his lights and he saw the exact moment of recognition on her face.
Her walk became more focused now that she had a destination.
Josh exhaled and turned off the radio again. He rubbed his hands together and tried to warm them up by blowing on them. He climbed out the jeep and circled around to the front passenger side. Her bag bounced off her hip and he eyed her compact frame.
It took everything in me not to break out into a full sprint when I saw him.
He straightened his already straight coat. All the tension left his body when she flashed her infectious smile.
Her nerves made her strides shorter and her steps quicker.
She was so cute. That hair, those legs...
It struck her that this was the first time she’d seen a full smile on his face. And it meant the world to her that he had good teeth. She couldn’t wait to run her hand over his buzz cut.
He was taller than she expected. A definite plus.
Their bodies crashed together. As though they’d rehearsed this countless times before, her arms went up and around his neck and shoulders and he held her by the waist in the crook of each elbow. This was months in the making. Josh’s chest heaved. Hers hoed. His shoulders were broad and strong. She perched her chin on one. She was real. He was actually holding Abbie in his arms, her hair tickling his cheek. Each kept their hands where they could be seen, in case they were seen by anyone. It wasn’t their intention to be exhibitionists. The least amount of attention they could draw to themselves, the better. To the outsider, it looked like two friends hugging after a long, long time apart, just out of the beam of the streetlight.
She could feel his heat radiating off of his body. As she memorized his scent her lip grazed his neck. Josh let out a sound so low in frequency she felt it louder than she heard it. Her moan in response escaped her lips without thought.
He just kissed me.
Soft and slow.
Their kisses intensified. His hand traveled up, down and around her back. She couldn’t get any higher on her tip-toes but she tried so she could press her hips into his as he pressed forward. Abbie’s tongue slinked deeper into his mouth. She lightly raked her fingers down the back of his head as she sucked his lip.
I haven’t been kissed like that in forever...
The last car drove out of the Seaford LIRR station parking lot. The two remained passionately embraced and oblivious to the world.
Josh abruptly ended the kiss and let go of her. Not a word. She was still taken with the heat of their exchange and watched him bleary-eyed. He walked to the driver side of the Jeep and climbed into the back seat. He opened the passenger side door. The invitation was accepted.
Abbie threw her bag over the back of the front passenger seat and began to work her jacket off as she slammed the door closed behind her. This must be his car, not the family car, she thought, since there was no car seat. She barely formulated the thought before Josh kissed her, pressing the back of her head onto the window, flattening her hair. She pushed back with the force of her kiss and worked her jacket all the way off and straddled him in one motion. Her hands were cold against the skin of his chest and stomach when she slipped them under his shirt. His nipples hardened under her touch.
The rustling of their clothes and movements against the car interior,
Their breaths,
The only sounds.
From across the parking lot, the two figures could barely be made out. It looked as though there was a struggle or a violent dance going on in the back of the Jeep.
Josh scooted his hips out from under hers and forced her on her back. He pulled his lips away from hers just long enough to take off his shirt. She eyed his pecs, the round of his delts, his abs. She subconsciously mirrored his physique by sucking in her stomach. She tugged at his belt buckle in haste but wasn’t making any progress. He undid it himself so she focused on undoing her own clothes. Josh’s jeans hung open. She reached up and ran her fingers along that spot under his belly button looking him in the eye the entire time. A smile crept onto her face. In the first photo he’d sent her, in which he wasn’t wearing a shirt, she noticed that spot, under his belly button and above his man-goods, and instantly wanted to play with it, kiss it, lick it. This was a moment of firsts, a moment of finally being able to experience all they’ve wanted to.
He leaned over to kiss her, one hand on the back of the seat, the other working off his jeans and underwear. Abbie reached down to touch that spot again. Her finger didn’t feel the waistband of his boxer briefs so she ventured lower and there he was, firm, warm, throbbing. She raised her hips as he tugged her jeans down her legs. She worked one of her sneakers off so she could take her pants all the way off on one side.
Josh, nude from the waist down.
Abbie, in panties with her jeans around one ankle. She remembered how much I fucking love the way she looks in white panties.
He looked so fucking sexy over me like that.
She looked up at me with that look on her face like ‘fuck me already’.
Her nod was almost undetectable but Josh saw it. She was saying yes to him. Yes to all of it. He hadn’t been in the back seat of a car since college. The monotony of suburban life had dulled him, but she reinvigorated him.
He used both hands and revealed more and more of her brown from under her white panties. He combed his fingers through her bush then over her lips and clit. She closed her eyes as he slipped two fingers into her, swirling them around and in and out at a delicious pace. She was ready.
Abbie held him and stroked lightly. He was ready.
He pulled his fingers out of her. She shifted her hips slightly under his for entry.
Those words sounded exactly how she heard them in her head when she read them.
He hovered over her for what felt like an eternity. He studied the coils of her hair, her smooth skin, noticed the way her eyes’ focus darted back and forth to his right eye and his left. There was no turning back from the beautiful woman lying underneath him. His body twitched against her opening. The heat from her body taunted him. His arms were tense from holding himself over her.       
He finally pushed into her. Her warmth surged across the base of his spine and sent a charge down the back of his legs to the soles of his feet. Neither broke their intense gaze. She fought the urge to close her eyes as he eased in deeper. The faintest gasp escaped her. They were finally skin-to-skin.
There was a knock on the door. Morgan was instructed not to ring the buzzer. He rose from his chair wearing a white undershirt and dress pants, belt and button undone, and opened the door.
The pulsing deep inside him hit a place full of loneliness. She stopped playing with his toy. His dick was so hard but there was no where for it to go. Her little fingers grazed his balls and he wanted more.
She considered giving him another grammar lesson but had sympathy for the man who was getting uncomfortable lying on his stiffness.
She stopped rubbing his ass. He missed her touch already. Tim flipped over onto his back and saluted her with all his glory. For a split second he was self-conscious as he watched Morgan look at his body. Were his almost-six inches enough? He didn’t want to believe the stereotypes but he could only imagine the big black dicks she was used to handling or riding or sucking with her thick lips. This massage could end right now and she could climb on the table and ride him till they both exploded.
She loved to sit at the end of the bar in her favorite bistro when they had the sliding garage door open. It afforded her a great view of the neighborhood comings and goings. She kept an eye on the flirty waiter, fellow imbibers and the people strolling by on the street. The restaurant sat at one of the few five-corner intersections of the city. Not the Five Points, but close enough.
He headed back to his apartment after buying some fruits and veggies. His black tank top with the oversized arm openings revealed his nipples and muscular lats. He carried the signature light red plastic bags city folks are known to get from the Chinese or Korean fruit stand. His triceps flexed under the weight of his purchased produce.
She saw him.
He saw her.
She became oblivious to what her friend was saying. She spun completely around on her bar stool to watch him walk by. They eyed each other the entire time until they were out of eyeshot.
You know him? her friend asked.
I want to.
They locked eyes when he took a seat on the other side of the U-shaped bar. She did a better job paying attention to her friend this time but noticed he was only toying with his french fries and didn’t order a drink. He’d changed his clothes in the twenty minutes that passed since he walked by the restaurant. Less of his brown skin was exposed now that he wore a t-shirt. She had on a laundry-day outfit. There was nothing flattering about the clothes she wore that day.
He stepped outside to greet friends from the neighborhood that were walking by. Her friend excused herself to go to the restroom. With a few moments to herself she had a decision to make—speak now or forever hold her peace. He didn’t lose sight of the reason he came to the bistro. He noticed she was now alone at the bar. She took a sip of her drink.
When he wasn’t looking, she watched as he wrapped up his tête-à-tête on the sidewalk. As he reentered the bar, she beckoned him with a come-hither. Her woman’s intuition was spot on about the American man of European design. He had indeed come back to the restaurant for her.
He did the gentlemanly thing and entertained the object of his desire and her friend that evening. He could wait a while longer to get her alone. He added to his stash of stolen glances at the bar with a stolen kiss from her after he walked the two ladies to the subway station. Their pairs of thick lips melded together. Her body softened in his arms imploring him to hold her tighter, press every inch of his body against hers. She descended the stairs underground on wobbly legs, high off his fumes. His kiss and embrace were intoxicating. She knew nothing about him but her body, her soul was already attached to his kindred spirit.
The kiss, the taste, the possibilities fueled feverish sexting. The pair made plans to see each other the following night. After dinner, he led her to his third floor apartment. He pressed her against the wall as they made out. His briefs were damp with excitement from grinding against her, feeling her nipples on his tongue, and him demanding her to tug on his hair.
Turn around.
She did.
Put your hands over your head.
Obeyed without question.
He tied her wrists together with her bra.
Don’t move.
She remained perfectly still.
She didn’t look over her shoulder to see what he was doing behind her despite how much the anticipation killed her. She sized up his apartment and reasoned she could make it to the front door in five bounding steps if need be and wouldn’t think twice of running out half-naked since it was the middle of the summer.
Truth be told, she didn’t want to go anywhere. He dropped to his knees behind her and pulled her hips away from the wall. He lifted her ass cheeks and introduced himself. He didn’t even stop to think about it. She stuck her ass out even more in reflex, bracing herself against the wall with her bound hands over her head. Her breathing quickened. His tongue never touched her pussy yet it was soaking and aching to be penetrated. Her knees buckled because of the passionate licks and swirls from his strong tongue. He held her up because her quivering legs couldn’t hold her steady. She didn’t move her hands from over her head to wipe the tear of pleasure that streamed down her cheek.